this is a guide on replacing the
touchscreen digitizer and an o LED
display on a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 it is
best to replace both if either of them
are broken or defective to begin make
sure that the phone is not powered on
and proceed on removing the back cover
the back cover is designed to be open
with a fingernail
just be careful to unsnap each tap
gently set the back cover aside and
remove the battery proceed on removing
11 Phillips screws all of these screws
are identical
we'll be using standard case opening
tools to separate the front assembly
from the mid frame a good place to begin
is around the bottom just above the
charge port and continue opening the
front assembly with the help of a case
opening tool once the front assembly is
evenly lifted the mid frame can be
separated there are two tabs on the
inside near the bottom right and upper
left corner of the battery bay that will
unsnap the mid frame will open up fairly
easy using the case opening tool and
snap five connections from the logic
board remove one small Phillips screw on
the right upper side of the logic board
and snap the Wi-Fi antenna cable and
another small connector from the logic
board lift the logic board away from the
front assembly starting at the left
upper corner and making sure no
connectors are getting caught the
original touch screen and display are
mounted with adhesive around the front
frame which will need to be warmed up
with a heat gun for an easier separation
warm up the entire front assembly
thoroughly and evenly make sure not to
focus the heat on one spot for too long
begin separating the display at the
right upper corner use a case opening
tool to carefully get between the front
assembly and the touchscreen keep
warming up the perimeter of the
touchscreen if the separation process is
slowing down keep working the sides
until all four are evenly separated from
the assembly once the bottom edge is
separating make sure to properly and
glue the buttons and the connecting
cable from the glass digitizer those
need to stay with the front assembly as
well the digitizer in the display
connector board may be glued with a
display adhesive tape and will require a
bit of attention to separate properly
the white piece is the light filter for
the back LED button
also the speaker grill is usually not
included on the replacement part but it
is easily transferable simply unsnap it
from the original touchscreen the same
goes for the home button and they
decorate a framing around it both need
to be transferred onto the new part
before the new part can be installed all
the little extras have to be attached to
it if the new part does not come with
its own adhesive it's best to transfer
the old adhesive onto the new part
alternatively new adhesive needs to be
sourced or if there are no plans on
breaking or repairing the device in the
future super glue is also feasible
replace the decorative home-button frame
replace one of the button new light
filters which came off the old part in
the same position it needs to wrap
around the button on the flex cable
replace the home button to fit the
screen onto the front assembly start at
the bottom making sure that the white
light filter wraps around the button and
the flex cable start closing the display
with a front assembly the digitizer and
display connectors have to be threaded
through the frame at the top the speaker
grille can be inserted just before
closing the display Foley firmly press
around the perimeter of the display to
catch the adhesive at this point the
logic board can be installed carefully
position it in place ensuring that no
connectors are getting caught underneath
reconnect the bottom right connector
secure one small phillips screw
reconnect the small connector at the
bottom right reconnect the Wi-Fi antenna
connector make sure that the Wi-Fi
coaxial cable is properly routed under
the logic board secure five connections
at the top all connectors make a
distinctive click when connected
properly please be careful as the
connectors are extremely fragile
now the mid frame can be replaced
a lineup with a front assembly and
firmly press around the perimeter to
snap in the tabs
replace the 11 identical Phillip screws
on the mid frame
replace the battery and finally replace
the back cover
at this point the new screen can be
tested press the power button on the
side and if the startup graphics appears
it is safe to remove the screen
protector
after testing the touchscreen functions
and the lower buttons you're done